# Embedded Working Group Meeting 2020-09-015

* [Coordination Repository]
* Meetings: Tuesday 8pm Europe/Berlin time
* [Join the Chat]
* Today's date: 2020-09-15
* [Meeting Agenda issue](https://github.com/rust-embedded/wg/issues/506)
* [Nominated issues](https://github.com/search?q=org%3Arust-embedded+label%3Anominated+is%3Aopen&type=Issues)

[Coordination Repository]: https://github.com/rust-embedded/wg
[Join the Chat]: https://riot.im/app/#/room/#rust-embedded:matrix.org

## Attendance

Write your GH username or Matrix handle here!

* adamgreig
* cr1901
* therealprof
* kalkyl
* eldruin
* thalesfragoso
* jschievink

## Agenda

Action items:
    * Niko commented on REC issue: https://github.com/rust-embedded/wg/pull/504#issuecomment-692082234

Nominated issues:
* REC as REWG sub-org: https://github.com/rust-embedded/wg/issues/504
    * To be discussed on-issue
* HAL:
    * ManagedCS: https://github.com/rust-embedded/embedded-hal/pull/245
    * Dummy GPIO pins: https://github.com/rust-embedded/embedded-hal/pull/237
* Resources:
    * Book: https://github.com/rust-embedded/discovery/issues/262
    * Code snippets: https://github.com/rust-embedded/wg/issues/259
    * Book hosting: https://github.com/rust-embedded/wg/issues/257
        * @jamesmunns to update
* Cortex-M:
    * Split: https://github.com/rust-embedded/cortex-m/issues/239
    * Alloc: https://github.com/rust-embedded/alloc-cortex-m/issues/36
    

## Last Week's Minutes

Action items from last week:
    * None
    
Focus projects:
    * DMA
        * New embedded-dma version released with support for signed ints
        * Implementations for stm32f3, f4, and nrf52 i2s are coming along
        * Still need to update the nomicon for new DMA approach

Nominated issues:

* REC as REWG sub-org: https://github.com/rust-embedded/wg/issues/504
    * Discussion and voting to happen on the issue
    * Need to find out from Rust core team about trademark use etc
* HAL:
    * ManagedCS https://github.com/rust-embedded/embedded-hal/pull/245
        * Waiting on author
    * `embedded-error` discussion progress: https://github.com/rust-embedded/embedded-hal/issues/229
        * Discussions progressing
        * Hopefully be in a position to write an RFC soon
        * Still lots of error types to define in https://github.com/therealprof/embedded-error/issues
* Resources:
    * Discovery book new hardware https://github.com/rust-embedded/discovery/issues/263
        * Last week we settled on micro:bit as a good option
    * Discovery book abstraction level https://github.com/rust-embedded/discovery/issues/262
    * Web page code snippets https://github.com/rust-embedded/wg/issues/259
    * Books hosting location https://github.com/rust-embedded/wg/issues/257
        * Revisit next week: need a summary of position/plan
* Old 2019 objectives issues
    * Now closed

Other business:
* Should we write guidelines for BSPs?
    * Perhaps this could be a focus project?


## Last Week's Action Items

* Check in with core team around REC
