# Embedded Working Group Meeting 2021-02-09

* [Coordination Repository]
* Meetings: Tuesday 8pm Europe/Berlin time
* [Join the Chat]
* Today's date: 2021-02-09
* [Nominated issues](https://github.com/search?q=org%3Arust-embedded+label%3Anominated+is%3Aopen&type=Issues)

[Coordination Repository]: https://github.com/rust-embedded/wg
[Join the Chat]: https://riot.im/app/#/room/#rust-embedded:matrix.org

## Attendance

Write your GH username or Matrix handle here!

* adamgreig
* therealprof
* dirbaio
* jschievink
* hargonix
* eldruin
* cr1901
* thalesfragoso

## Agenda

* cortex-m
    * asm::delay(0) was underflowing and delaying for much longer than expected
        * Fixed in #328
    * xtask assemble doesn't seem to generate the same files on MacOS
        * @therealprof is looking into it
    * c-m-rt next in line, still working out what to include
* svd2rust
    * Testing still TBD for 0.18
    * New API?
* discovery book
    * @winksaville has been updating f3 parts to use newer crates
    * CI was failing to publish the book to gh-pages, now fixed by @eldruin 
    * Need to port CI to GHA
* book
    * CI failing to publish, need to port CI to GHA
    * bookshelf vs per-repo gh-pages is still confused
* docs plan:
    * Add GHA to replace Travis
    * Remove docs repo
    * Publish other books to docs.rust-embedded.org/repo-name by setting org-wide custom URL
    * Set custom URL on blog to blog.rust-embedded.org
    * Check if we have any other gh-pages repos
    * Maybe redirect the book to rust-lang hosted version?

## Last Week's Minutes

* cortex-m
    * Released 0.6.7 and 0.5.11, hopefully all now working
    * Let's hopefully avoid too much backwards support for 0.8/1.0
    * cortex-m-rt release
* svd2rust testing
    * Plan for 0.18: test new c-m 0.7 support (inc InterruptNumber), integrate with c-m-rt 0.7 (TBC)
    * Some promising new ideas from @dirbaio's version were discussed.
        * Dirbaio to open PR for proposed new API
