# Embedded Working Group Meeting 2021-07-27

* [Coordination Repository]
* Meetings: Tuesday 8pm Europe/Berlin time
* [Join the Chat]
* Today's date: 2021-07-27
* [Nominated issues](https://github.com/search?q=org%3Arust-embedded+label%3Anominated+is%3Aopen&type=Issues)
* [IRC logs]

[Coordination Repository]: https://github.com/rust-embedded/wg
[Join the Chat]: https://riot.im/app/#/room/#rust-embedded:matrix.org
[IRC logs]: https://libera.irclog.whitequark.org/rust-embedded/2021-07-27

## Attendance

Write your GH username or Matrix handle here!

* adamgreig
* GrantM11235
* Sh3Rm4n
* therealprof
* hargoniX
* disasm
* eldruin
* FireFromMoonlight

## Agenda

* Announcements
    * cortex-m-rt 0.6.15 released
    * call for help with cross: https://github.com/rust-embedded/cross/issues/574
* embedded-hal
    * Invert layout of traits https://github.com/rust-embedded/embedded-hal/pull/298
    * Use the SPI traits to represent a single peripheral on an SPI bus https://github.com/rust-embedded/embedded-hal/issues/299
    * Associated Word types https://github.com/rust-embedded/embedded-hal/pull/295
    * Other PRs?
    * Change return type of SPI transfer https://github.com/rust-embedded/embedded-hal/pull/286
        * No evident objections but checking in case some original design intent has been missed
* cortex-m-rt
    * 0.7 release TBC
        * Will press on later this week if no new items suggested
* cross
    * How to integrate new maintainers?
        * Add directly to repo for time being
        * Maybe a `cross` team later
* blog
    * Ready to publish, will do release PR after meeting

## Last Week's Minutes

* Announcements
    * None this week
* embedded-hal
    * Invert layout of traits? https://github.com/rust-embedded/embedded-hal/pull/298
        * There was some worry that this would result in lots of copies of a module named `blocking` in scope due to e.g. `use e_h::spi::blocking`, but perhaps in practice users would either `use e_h::spi` and then bound `T: spi::blocking::Write`, or just use the trait directly.
        * This also allows shared items such as Errors to go into the top-level modules.
    * Associated Word types https://github.com/rust-embedded/embedded-hal/pull/295
        * Lots of discussion happening on the PR thread, so no further discussion in meeting this week.
    * Remove the various Default traits: https://github.com/rust-embedded/embedded-hal/pull/289
        * Consensus seems to be for removal.
    * Any other PRs?
* cortex-m
    * PR for 0.6.15 and 0.7.0: review from cortex-m team?
* showcase
    * Needs updating to use GHA, @adamgreig to do after meeting
* blog
    * Blocked on posting for help with cross maintainership, hopefully real soon now

