# Embedded Working Group Meeting 2021-08-17

* [Coordination Repository]
* Meetings: Tuesday 8pm Europe/Berlin time
* [Join the Chat]
* Today's date: 2021-08-17
* [Nominated issues](https://github.com/search?q=org%3Arust-embedded+label%3Anominated+is%3Aopen&type=Issues)
* [IRC logs]

[Coordination Repository]: https://github.com/rust-embedded/wg
[Join the Chat]: https://riot.im/app/#/room/#rust-embedded:matrix.org
[IRC logs]: https://libera.irclog.whitequark.org/rust-embedded/2021-08-17

## Attendance

Write your GH username or Matrix handle here!

* adamgreig
* dirbaio
* cr1901
* dkhayes117
* therealprof
* jduchniewicz


## Agenda

* Announcements
    * No meeting took place last week
    * std support for esp32: https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/87666
    * cortex-m-rt 0.7.0
        * Need PACs to update first
        * Please report back any breakages..
    * embedded-hal 0.2.6 released
* discovery
    * Add risc-v version?
* embedded-hal
    * merge https://github.com/rust-embedded/embedded-hal/pull/298
* cross
    * still need to coordinate new volunteers..

* [backtrace(error) in core](https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/pull/3156)
* Cortex-A new activities
    * https://github.com/vbe0201/Saturnus/tree/main/crates/cortex-a

## Last Meeting's Minutes

* Announcements
    * @dkhayes117 joined the risc-v team
* embedded-hal
    * Revisit: return type of SPI transfer https://github.com/rust-embedded/embedded-hal/pull/286
        * Will merge
    * Invert layout of traits https://github.com/rust-embedded/embedded-hal/pull/298
        * Looks good, let's merge
    * Treat SPI traits as representing a single device instead of a bus: https://github.com/rust-embedded/embedded-hal/issues/299
        * Started implementing this concept in e310x-hal
        * Found related bug in shared-bus (#23)
* cross
    * Many more volunteers to help out with maintenance; need to organise coordination and onboarding
* cortex-m-rt
    * 0.7 release PR
