# Embedded Working Group Meeting 2021-09-28

* [Coordination Repository]
* Meetings: Tuesday 8pm Europe/Berlin time
* [Join the Chat]
* Today's date: 2021-09-28
* [Nominated issues](https://github.com/search?q=org%3Arust-embedded+label%3Anominated+is%3Aopen&type=Issues)
* [IRC logs]

[Coordination Repository]: https://github.com/rust-embedded/wg
[Join the Chat]: https://riot.im/app/#/room/#rust-embedded:matrix.org
[IRC logs]: https://libera.irclog.whitequark.org/rust-embedded/2021-09-28

## Attendance

Write your GH username or Matrix handle here!

* adamgreig
* lulf
* hargoniX
* therealprof
* dkhayes117
* dirbaio
* thejpster
* mabezdev
* almindor
* eldruin

## Agenda

* Announcements
* Send/Sync writeup in book
    * What to include?
    * https://github.com/rust-embedded/wg/blob/master/rfcs/0419-multi-core-soundness.md
    * Document what counts as an execution context: specifically whether same priority or same IRQ number is relevant
    * Compiler support for embedded threading?
* embedded-hal
    * Reference types https://github.com/rust-embedded/embedded-hal/pull/310
        * Basically good to go. Changelog updated.
    * Error traits https://github.com/rust-embedded/embedded-hal/pull/296
        * Some bikeshedding over SPI CRC (remove) and I2C NoAcknowledge (split into Data/Addr variants) error variants.
        * Otherwise good.
    * DelayUs unification https://github.com/rust-embedded/embedded-hal/pull/312
    * Separate buffers for SPI https://github.com/rust-embedded/embedded-hal/pull/287
    * CAN take 4 https://github.com/rust-embedded/embedded-hal/pull/314
* Newsletter
    * Some recent updates added, but not much to post

## Last Week's Minutes

* Announcements
    * discovery rewrite almost complete! need to sort out generation/hosting of both books
    * thejpster is working 1day/wk on rp2040 support
* cortex-m split up?
    * will start thinking about svd/pac layer
* embedded-hal
    * Reference types
        * Current design basically looks good, pending changelog updates
    * Time types
        * Still unclear how best to solve this for 1.0. Remove DelayMs/DelayUs and hope to re-add something better later?
        * Reached consensus on leaving a delay_us with a fixed u32 type and nothing else, which we can later deprecate and replace with a better Delay in 1.1
    * separate-buffer transfer for SPI
        * perhaps leave the write-data in the read trait as implementation-defined
* Newsletter
    * To be updated v soon, promise
* Writing up send/sync/etc in book
* What makes a First Class experience?
    * Lots of discussion about approaches to improve onboarding experience
