# Embedded Working Group Meeting 2021-06-29

* [Coordination Repository]
* Meetings: Tuesday 8pm Europe/Berlin time
* [Join the Chat]
* Today's date: 2021-06-29
* [Nominated issues](https://github.com/search?q=org%3Arust-embedded+label%3Anominated+is%3Aopen&type=Issues)
* [IRC logs]

[Coordination Repository]: https://github.com/rust-embedded/wg
[Join the Chat]: https://riot.im/app/#/room/#rust-embedded:matrix.org
[IRC logs]: https://libera.irclog.whitequark.org/rust-embedded/2021-06-29

## Attendance

Write your GH username or Matrix handle here!

* adamgreig
* lachlansneff
* therealprof
* thalesfragoso
* cr1901

## Agenda

* Announcements
    * probe-rs 0.11 released!
* embedded-hal
    * discussion continues on futures-based traits (https://github.com/rust-embedded/embedded-hal/pull/285)
    * merged #280 and #282
* blog

## Last Week's Minutes

* Announcements
    * None this week
* embedded-hal
    * New PR adding futures-based traits https://github.com/rust-embedded/embedded-hal/pull/285
        * Lots of discussion about these proposed traits
        * Should they be unsafe?
        * Could Rust gain a way to indicate "must not leak"?
        * How to handle full-duplex? (perhaps new traits to take either two separate buffers or just one in-place buffer)
        * Should they use slices (yes)
        * Should they use embedded-dma buffers? (probably no)
