# Embedded Working Group Meeting 2021-06-15

* [Coordination Repository]
* Meetings: Tuesday 8pm Europe/Berlin time
* [Join the Chat]
* Today's date: 2021-06-15
* [Nominated issues](https://github.com/search?q=org%3Arust-embedded+label%3Anominated+is%3Aopen&type=Issues)
* [IRC logs]

[Coordination Repository]: https://github.com/rust-embedded/wg
[Join the Chat]: https://riot.im/app/#/room/#rust-embedded:matrix.org
[IRC logs]: https://libera.irclog.whitequark.org/rust-embedded/2021-06-15#30091740

## Attendance

Write your GH username or Matrix handle here!

* adamgreig
* hargoniX
* dirbaio
* therealprof
* posborne
* eldruin
* cr1901

## Agenda

* Announcements
    * IRC channel operational on Libera
* cross
    * Release?
    * Post call for maintainers
* embedded-hal
    * Rename send to write https://github.com/rust-embedded/embedded-hal/pull/281
    * blocking::serial names https://github.com/rust-embedded/embedded-hal/pull/280
    * both PRs discussed, so far conclusion is:
            * remove prelude so we can easily have overlapping method names between traits
            * update traits to make send/write/bwrite/etc methods all consistent across blocking/nonblocking traits
            * essentially, approve both these PRs and also remove the prelude
* blog
    * Publish once we can add cross call for help

## Last Week's Minutes

* Announcements
    * Last week's meeting didn't happen, sorry! -AG
    * IRC bridge to Freenode is down
    * Pending new bridge to Libera channel
* cross
    * need to post call for maintainers
* discovery book
    * lots of recent updates, outstanding issues hopefully fixed
* embedded-hal
    * Open RFCs:
        * Rename send to write https://github.com/rust-embedded/embedded-hal/pull/281
        * blocking::serial names https://github.com/rust-embedded/embedded-hal/pull/280
        * Both discussed during meeting but no firm resolutions, discussion to continue on PR threads
* blog
    * publish once we can link to cross post
