# Embedded Working Group Meeting 2021-09-07

* [Coordination Repository]
* Meetings: Tuesday 8pm Europe/Berlin time
* [Join the Chat]
* Today's date: 2021-09-07
* [Nominated issues](https://github.com/search?q=org%3Arust-embedded+label%3Anominated+is%3Aopen&type=Issues)
* [IRC logs]

[Coordination Repository]: https://github.com/rust-embedded/wg
[Join the Chat]: https://riot.im/app/#/room/#rust-embedded:matrix.org
[IRC logs]: https://libera.irclog.whitequark.org/rust-embedded/2021-09-07

## Attendance

Write your GH username or Matrix handle here!

* adamgreig
* therealprof
* GrantM11235
* cr1901
* dirbaio
* eldruin
* newam


## Agenda

* Announcements
* Commercial involvement Qs
    * Anything we can suggest when people from companies ask how they can help?
        * Hard without a roadmap for what we want to do
        * Maybe it's time to put a roadmap together again
        * Discussed handling money: not something the WG is interested in / probably too difficult, but of course companies wanting to pay for features could consult individuals or sponsor people on GitHub etc
        * Other suggestions for companies looking to contribute money were discussed though this doesn't seem to be a pressing problem at the moment
    * Any commercial testimonials for https://github.com/rust-embedded/awesome-embedded-rust/issues/337
        * Many people offered to write some commercial testimonials, we'll collect new ones and update the rust-lang embedded page
* embedded-hal
    * Blanket impls for references
* newsletter
    * will add recent announcements
* For next week...
    * Write up our "platform assumptions", send/sync behaviour, why r0 is in asm, etc, as a chapter in the embedded book
    * Maybe strategise how to implement some big svd2rust changes

## Last Week's Minutes

* Announcements
* Discovery book
    * Rewrite ongoing
* embedded-hal
    * Merged turning modules inside-out (#298)
    * Async traits https://github.com/rust-embedded/embedded-hal/pull/285
        * Can they be merged?
        * Discussed feature gates
        * Will update PR thread with relevant required features and driver/HAL impls and call for a HAL team vote
    * Error traits https://github.com/rust-embedded/embedded-hal/pull/296
    * Some new pre-RFC proposals
        * Require all Errors to be Debug
            * The new error handling in 296 provides this for communication traits
            * We could additionally require it for everything
        * Provide trait impls for references
* Commercial involvement Qs
    * Anything we can suggest when people from companies ask how they can help?
    * Any commercial testimonials for https://github.com/rust-embedded/awesome-embedded-rust/issues/337
    * Ran out of time to discuss this week, will start with it next week.
* Newsletter
    * About time for release but no content yet, will add announcements from minutes and remind next week.
