# Embedded Working Group Meeting 2022-07-12

* [Coordination Repository]
* Meetings: Tuesday 8pm Europe/Berlin time
* [Join the Chat]
* Today's date: 2022-07-12
* [Nominated issues](https://github.com/search?q=org%3Arust-embedded+label%3Anominated+is%3Aopen&type=Issues)
* [IRC logs]

[Coordination Repository]: https://github.com/rust-embedded/wg
[Join the Chat]: https://riot.im/app/#/room/#rust-embedded:matrix.org
[IRC logs]: https://libera.irclog.whitequark.org/rust-embedded/2022-07-12

## Attendance

Write your GH username or Matrix handle here!

* adamgreig
* therealprof
* pwnOrbitals
* cr1901
* jannic

## Agenda

* Announcements
    * cross v0.2.4
    * probe-rs / cargo-flash / cargo-embed v0.13
    * GATs enter FCP https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/96709#issuecomment-1181931456
* svd2rust
    * Merged group_name feature
    * Still some misbehaviour around derived fields in 0.24.1, #628
    * PR to use enumeratedValues name field to name the related types https://github.com/rust-embedded/svd2rust/pull/627

## Last Week's Minutes

* Announcements
    * svd2rust 0.24.0 had a bug, 0.24.1 now released
    * stm32-rs PACs 0.15.1 released
    * riscv-rt 0.9.0 released
* embedded HAL
    * Doc update for https://github.com/rust-embedded/embedded-hal/issues/387#issuecomment-1174717433
* svd2rust
    * PR for group_name feature discussed last week https://github.com/rust-embedded/svd2rust/pull/617
        * Maybe avoid toml-edit or make it an optional dep
        * Perhaps a different name for the CLI flag
