# Embedded Working Group Meeting 2022-07-26

* [Coordination Repository]
* Meetings: Tuesday 8pm Europe/Berlin time
* [Join the Chat]
* Today's date: 2022-07-26
* [Nominated issues](https://github.com/search?q=org%3Arust-embedded+label%3Anominated+is%3Aopen&type=Issues)
* [IRC logs]

[Coordination Repository]: https://github.com/rust-embedded/wg
[Join the Chat]: https://riot.im/app/#/room/#rust-embedded:matrix.org
[IRC logs]: https://libera.irclog.whitequark.org/rust-embedded/2022-07-26

## Attendance

Write your GH username or Matrix handle here!

* adamgreig
* dirbaio
* newAM
* dkhayes117
* jannic
* disasm
* heksa
* eldruin
* cr1901
* mabez

## Agenda

* Announcements
    * Updated WG README: https://github.com/rust-embedded/wg/pull/626/files
* Embedded HAL
    * @dirbaio applies to join HAL team
        * https://github.com/rust-embedded/wg/pull/627
    * PR to split nb and can into separate crates
        * https://github.com/rust-embedded/embedded-hal/pull/394
        * Splitting nb out is well supported, lots of discussion
        * Likewise splittin can out - perhaps back to the embedded-can crate, maintained by the HAL team?
            * Perhaps in a separate repo in the wg org
    * PR to only warn on missing docs
        * https://github.com/rust-embedded/embedded-hal/pull/391
        * Merged
    * PR to remove IoPin
        * https://github.com/rust-embedded/embedded-hal/pull/393
        * Didn't have time to discuss this week
    * PR for new I2C bus/device traits
        * https://github.com/rust-embedded/embedded-hal/pull/392
        * Didn't have time to discuss this week
    * Should CAN receive traits block until a frame is ready?
        * Didn't have time to discuss this week


## Last Week's Minutes

* Announcements
    * svd v0.14.0 released
