# Embedded Working Group Meeting 2023-08-15

* [Coordination Repository]
* Meetings: Tuesday 8pm Europe/Berlin time
* [Join the Chat]
* Today's date: 2023-08-15
* [Nominated issues](https://github.com/search?q=org%3Arust-embedded+label%3Anominated+is%3Aopen&type=Issues)
* [IRC logs]

[Coordination Repository]: https://github.com/rust-embedded/wg
[Join the Chat]: https://matrix.to/#/#rust-embedded:matrix.org
[IRC logs]: https://libera.irclog.whitequark.org/rust-embedded/2023-08-15

## Attendance

Write your GH username or Matrix handle here!

* adamgreig
* therealprof
* newAM
* eldruin
* dirbaio

## Agenda

* Announcements
    * critical-section 1.1.2 released with updated docs
* aarch64-cpu
    * re-export tock-registers dependency?
        * https://github.com/rust-embedded/aarch64-cpu/issues/19
        * to discuss next week
* riscv
    * standard peripherals https://github.com/rust-embedded/riscv/issues/124
    * to discuss later
* embedded-hal
    * v1.0.0-rc.1 release ready https://github.com/rust-embedded/embedded-hal/pull/485
    * ready to go!

* From last week...
    * Bors ongoing
    * Hardfault trampline PR awaiting docs tweaks
        * https://github.com/rust-embedded/cortex-m/pull/476
    * svd2rust per-peripheral steal() still need to agree on safety contract
        * https://github.com/rust-embedded/svd2rust/pull/723
        * safety docs updated, merged
    * book translation

## Last Week's Minutes

* Announcements
    * embedded-io 0.5 published
* Bors
    * Ongoing
* * embedded-hal
    * Beta or rc next?
* Cortex-M: review and merge hardfault trampoline PR
* svd2rust: add safety docs to per-peripheral steal() PR
* critical-section: publish with updated docs
* book translations
    * spanish translation ongoing
    * discussed what to do about translations

