# Embedded Working Group Meeting 2023-05-02

* [Coordination Repository]
* Meetings: Tuesday 8pm Europe/Berlin time
* [Join the Chat]
* Today's date: 2023-05-02
* [Nominated issues](https://github.com/search?q=org%3Arust-embedded+label%3Anominated+is%3Aopen&type=Issues)
* [IRC logs]

[Coordination Repository]: https://github.com/rust-embedded/wg
[Join the Chat]: https://matrix.to/#/#rust-embedded:matrix.org
[IRC logs]: https://libera.irclog.whitequark.org/rust-embedded/2023-05-02

## Attendance

Write your GH username or Matrix handle here!

* adamgreig
* dirbaio
* therealprof
* hargoniX
* emilgardis
* eldruin
* newAM
* jannic
* thejpster

## Agenda

* Announcements
    * embedded-hal v1.0.0-alpha.10 released
        * and e-h-async-v0.2.0-alpha.1
        * e-h-bus v0.1.0-alpha.2
        * e-h-nb v1.0.0-alpha.2
    * New probe-run 0.3.8 out, but note some issues around defmt and reset handling
        * https://github.com/knurling-rs/probe-run/issues/391
        * https://github.com/rp-rs/rp-hal/issues/581
* bors is being deprecated https://bors.tech/newsletter/2023/05/01/tmib-76/
    * keep using bors for now?
    * host our own bors-ng?
    * try to use the rust-lang homu instance?
    * use gh merge queue instead?
    * discussed some options, will open a wg issue to track
        * https://github.com/rust-embedded/wg/issues/671
* embedded-hal
    * closed PR for unbuffered uart
        * TBC: use embedded-io for uart?
        * if so, move to WG? remove serial::Write?
        * https://github.com/rust-embedded/embedded-hal/pull/349#issuecomment-1499465364
    * SPI flushing/blocking
        * https://github.com/rust-embedded/embedded-hal/issues/455
        * https://github.com/rust-embedded/embedded-hal/pull/456
* team discussions deprecated May 8
    * https://docs.github.com/en/organizations/collaborating-with-your-team/about-team-discussions
    * there is a way to transfer to GitHub Discussions, see button on https://github.com/orgs/rust-embedded/teams/all for example
    * however, discussions must be transferred to a specific repository, where visibility then goes by the repository access instead of whatever team the discussion came from
    * it seems like the discussion text won't be deleted yet/soon, so no rush to act for now
* launching-pad and the leadership council rep
    * linked to zulip for discussions and nominations: https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/384197-t-launching-pad
    * watch this space for further news


## Last Week's Minutes

* Announcements
    * @adamgreig won't be running meetings for 3 weeks (until 2nd May)
    * [`defmt-brtt`](https://github.com/datdenkikniet/defmt-brtt) (datdenkikniet)
* Embedded HAL
    * New serial Read/ReadUntilIdle trait, buffered/unbuffered
        * Continued discussion
        * Perhaps it's fine to only have buffered APIs, but should they have some way to see how many bytes are available / should it be possible to use them without blocking until data is available?
        * Proposed closing the unbuffered PR (349), plan for only a buffered API, but not sure if that's embedded-io's Read, or something more uart-specific, or what
    * Update SPI to new transactional API
        * Merged!
        * We could consider a closure-based API in the future, but
          for now the slice transactions is the way to go.
* svd2rust
    * Various recent work on ordering derivedFrom fields to support the Keil/Arm SVD tools https://github.com/rust-embedded/svd/pull/220
