# Embedded Working Group Meeting 2023-11-28

* [Coordination Repository]
* Meetings: Tuesday 8pm Europe/Berlin time
* [Join the Chat]
* Today's date: 2023-11-28
* [Nominated issues](https://github.com/search?q=org%3Arust-embedded+label%3Anominated+is%3Aopen&type=Issues)
* [IRC logs]

[Coordination Repository]: https://github.com/rust-embedded/wg
[Join the Chat]: https://matrix.to/#/#rust-embedded:matrix.org
[IRC logs]: https://libera.irclog.whitequark.org/rust-embedded/2023-11-28

## Attendance

Write your GH username or Matrix handle here!

* adamgreig
* jannic
* therealprof
* cr1901
* greengenie
* dirbaio
* mabez

## Agenda

* Announcements
    * svd 0.14.5
    * svd2rust 0.31.1 (big syntax-breaking change: all accessors are now methods, not fields)
    * call for blog posts https://github.com/rust-embedded/wg/issues/720
* Embedded HAL
    * Counting down to release on Dec 28th
    * Triage new issues?
        * set rust-version to msrv https://github.com/rust-embedded/embedded-hal/pull/490
        * merge https://github.com/rust-embedded/embedded-hal/pull/531
        * merge https://github.com/rust-embedded/embedded-hal/pull/534
            * maybe undo before 1.0 release
        * discussed recently opened issues
            * can't use core Duration for delay, because it's big and requires more operations to perform arithmetic; we don't want to impose that on all end-users and can't let users pick because it's the driver that chooses what trait to use; we hope to one day have a better answer but for now we're punting on it
            * should rename get_max_duty_cycle, will do that
            * can't unify spi traits as they have different semantics
            * spi delay granularity was a more involved discussion
                * it seems like drivers using delay at the start/end of a transaction is not the best API, plus we didn't want to support ns-level delays because on linux they'll be rounded up to 1us
                * instead it should be "configuration", e.g. something the user sets up, alongside spi clock and mode etc
                * perhaps in the future we'll have SpiDeviceWithConfig that takes a config for each transaction that sets spi mode, clock speed, etc
                * or some more SpiBus sharing impls that can be configured to apply a different mode for each SpiDevice
                * however, this led to talking about the DelayUs trait maybe supporting ns
                * which perhaps it should do
                * in which case we might as well add DelayNs to SPI operation too, and it will round up, and that's perhaps better than not having it at all
                * we still discourage wrapping transactions in ns delays and prefer it be configuration, but we don't have ways to make it configuration yet, so perhaps for now drivers can do that
                * so the proposal is to rename DelayUs (SimpleDelay/DelayNs/???), add delay_ns, then add delay_ns to Operation too, but document the limitations
* cortex-m-rt extra section example soundness https://github.com/rust-embedded/cortex-m/issues/498
* cargo-binutils release?
* C-m-pac-interface: rename, test
* mutex-trait: awaiting deprecation rfc
* book: tooling page updates
* bors: ops docs
* rustc targets: awaiting feedback

## Last Week's Minutes

* Announcements
    * svd2rust 0.30.3 released
    * new probe.rs website
    * postcard-rpc 0.2.0 released
* Embedded HAL
    * Release 1.0 on Dec 28th!
    * More fine-grained timing control? 
        * Lots of discussion about this point and whether it should result in any changes pre-1.0 to permit changing bus configuration per-device (which could include timing)
        * Consensus from the meeting is to probably not make any big changes pre-1.0 or delay 1.0
    * Adopt embedded-hal-mock and bring up-to-date?
        * Concern about maintenance overhead and potentially slowing development of embedded-hal
* Cortex-M PAC interface
* cargo-binutils release?
* Mutex trait: awaiting RFC to deprecate
* Book: tooling page update in works
* bors: ops docs need updating
* rustc targets: awaiting PR feedback
* no-std team?
