# Embedded Working Group Meeting 2023-10-03

* [Coordination Repository]
* Meetings: Tuesday 8pm Europe/Berlin time
* [Join the Chat]
* Today's date: 2023-10-03
* [Nominated issues](https://github.com/search?q=org%3Arust-embedded+label%3Anominated+is%3Aopen&type=Issues)
* [IRC logs]

[Coordination Repository]: https://github.com/rust-embedded/wg
[Join the Chat]: https://matrix.to/#/#rust-embedded:matrix.org
[IRC logs]: https://libera.irclog.whitequark.org/rust-embedded/2023-10-03

## Attendance

Write your GH username or Matrix handle here!

* adamgreig
* newAM
* mabez
* cr1901
* therealprof
* dirbaio
* jamesmunns
* thejpster
* posborne

## Agenda

* Announcements
    * @MabezDev joins the risc-v and HAL teams :tada:
    * embedded-io{,-async,-adaptors} 0.6 released with change to write_all
    * svdtools 0.3.3 released
    * svd2rust 0.30.1 released
    * rust 1.73 out Thurs
    * Ferrocene announcement/launch party tomorrow ([link](https://www.eventbrite.de/e/a-decade-of-rust-with-ferrous-systems-tickets-680492891557?aff=oddtdtcreator))
* Anti-spam bot still being tested, any issues?
* Should mutex-trait be archived/deprecated?
    * https://github.com/rust-embedded/mutex-trait/issues/13
    * Lots of discussion on this point. It's not clear if the current trait is serving a useful purpose and it's definitely not been widely adopted, but should we aim to fix it or just deprecate it?
    * Original RFC was https://github.com/rust-embedded/wg/blob/master/rfcs/0377-mutex-trait.md
    * The intended users are application, driver, HAL developers who want to abstract over a generic mutex to share state with interrupts/threads/etc
    * In practise, such an ecosystem hasn't developed, probably because the mutex interface (especially whether it requires &mut self or not) depends on the executor and what tradeoffs are desired
    * Additionally, the newer critical_section::Mutex is a concrete type which can have multiple backing providers per platform, so may be good enough for many use cases
    * We'll finish discussions on the issue
* book: tooling page still needs updating
* bors: ops documentation still needs updating
* rustc target maintainers:
    * @adamgreig to open wg issue to discuss WG teams being target maintainers
* volatile_register potentially unsound https://github.com/rust-embedded/cortex-m/issues/485
    * No update on volatile-register PR

## Last Week's Minutes

* Announcements
    * svdtools 0.3.1 released
    * aarch64-cpu 9.4.0 released
* We are trying out the Mjolnir bot to pre-ban spammers, please report any feedback
* book: tooling page still needs updating
* bors: ops documentation still needs updating
* rustc target maintainers: https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/116004
    * AG to open wg issue to discuss WG teams being target maintainers
* volatile_register potentially unsound https://github.com/rust-embedded/cortex-m/issues/485
