# Embedded Working Group Meeting 2024-06-18

* [Coordination Repository]
* Meetings: Tuesday 8pm Europe/Berlin time
* [Join the Chat]
* Today's date: 2024-06-18
* [Nominated issues](https://github.com/search?q=org%3Arust-embedded+label%3Anominated+is%3Aopen&type=Issues)
* [Discussion topic](https://github.com/rust-embedded/wg/discussions/747)
* [IRC logs]

[Coordination Repository]: https://github.com/rust-embedded/wg
[Join the Chat]: https://matrix.to/#/#rust-embedded:matrix.org
[IRC logs]: https://libera.irclog.whitequark.org/rust-embedded/2024-06-18

## Attendance

Write your GH username or Matrix handle here!

* adamgreig
* adamhot
* hdoordt
* jannic
* dirbaio
* rmsyn
* newAM
* cr1901

## Agenda

* Announcements
    * Rust 1.79.0 released
* Discovery book update progress
    * [pulls](https://github.com/hdoordt/discovery/pulls)
    * Chapters are being ported
    * Discussed how to update/replace the gdb section
    * [Notes](https://hackmd.io/xpOM0KvEQg-lt8hC3Rs__Q)
* Issue triage wrapup
    * Worked well but not all issues triaged yet
    * Repeat in 2-4 weeks to wrap up remaining issues
    * Go through some of the issues identified as worth further discussion
    * Also check out open issues on cortex-m and embedded-hal and other repos
* cortex-m-rt release
* riscv fallible functions
    * Discussed https://github.com/rust-embedded/riscv/issues/212
    * Arguments both ways for having only fallbile functions or permitting some functions to panic for errors that indicate a programming error or otherwise cannot be recovered/"should never happen"
    * No consensus this week

## Last Week's Agenda


* Announcements
* Issue Triage
    * https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1zu4vguwIdNLJDb9x_bbEKUL1xtNCOplf5ggdA-4hTqs/edit?usp=sharing
    * We triaged a bunch of issues and closed at least 40.



* Announcements
    * Oxidize happened, had some good chats
    * Discovery book work in progress, feedback next week
* James and Leadership Council
    * Nothing immediately, but taking feedback wrt the Embedded WG
      and the Rust Project/Council
    * Potentially following up on our discussion of "project team"
      vs "user interest group" split
    * Will need to also discuss with other teams/wgs
* Tamme (@tdittr) made a prototype for a parametric driver search and is looking for feedback
    * https://tdittr.github.io/drivers/
    * Categories, Parameters
    * Where to store extra metadata
* Cleanup of old, inactive issues in the rust-embedded github repos?
    * Will do this as a work-week next meeting and go through open issues
    * Consider tagging issues we triaged as still relevant
    * @jamesmunns to make a spreadsheet to organise reviewing
* Timer traits
    * https://github.com/rust-embedded/wg/pull/762
* Cortex-m-rt release
* Discovery Book plans
    * https://github.com/rust-embedded/wg/pull/759
    * @jamesmunns note: potential student assistance
